You guys in this video are going to show you how to do two things.
To show you how to create a single post.
K if we click read more it goes to the single post.
But it's not what we want.
We want to change that.
And also we want the ability to add an image to a post a featured image also called a thumbnail.
All right so let's start with the thumbnail we're going to first go to functions of P P and we need
to enable that support for our theme.
So let's go into the ad theme support function and let's say featured image
support and we all we have to do here is say add themes support and then just pass in here post thumbnails
just like that.
All right.
So save it.
And then if we go to a blog post one you'll see down here we have this featured image block.
So I'm going to click on that to set the featured image and we're going to upload some files.
Now you should have a folder called underscore images.
I was just going to go to mine.
All right.
And should have a couple images in there I'm going to choose this phone's image and set that as featured
.
And then is going to set this to technology for the category.
All right.
And will say update.
OK let's go to blog post to set featured image upload and I'm going to grab this surface.
All right.
And let's go ahead and update so if we go to the front end then reload.
You won't see the images we actually have to add that to our theme.
So let's go to index PSAP and find out where you want to put the image.
I'm going to put it in and put it right above the x.
Right.
And we're first going to check for it.
So when to p p f has post.
All right so if it does then let's just create a div and I'm going to give it a class of post from now
.
All right.
And then we just want to go in here and say ph P that post from now.
OK.
Let's go ahead and save it and go back and reload and now you can see we have the images.
Now they're a little too big.
So what we can do here is let's go to ICSA us and I'm going to go to where we have our article styles
in say article
Article Daut
post thumbnail
.
And then we'll just actually needs to be the image so we're going to say I'm g.
So half the width to 100 percent.
OK so now it takes up 100 percent of the div but the proportion is all out of whack so will say height
.
I'm going to set height to auto reload.
And now they fit OK that looks good.
So now we want to move on to the single page single post page which is this.
So to do that what we'll do is we'll set a new file and we're going to save it as a single dot ph P
and are just going to type in the word test and then if we go back to our single post and reload you'll
see that we're getting that test because this page has now overwritten the index page on the single
post.
OK you can see the main page still shows it's just when we go to view a single post.
So what we can do here is let's copy everything that we have in the index ph P file.
All right.
Actually you know before we do that I just realized that we haven't split this up into a header in a
former file and that's what you typically want to do with a WordPress theme.
So what I'm going to do is create a new file and save it as hetter dot THAAD and then create another
one called for her dog THP.
All right so in our index page file let's figure out what we want to bring over to the header.
All right.
So we want the actual header the navigation and I think that's it.
So let's start with this nav and go up and we're going to cut everything out and we're going to paste
it in the header file.
Now down
at the bottom of index ph P We're going to get from the ending HCM I'll tag up to where the footer starts
.
I'm going to cut that and we're going to put that in our footer file.
OK.
Now if I save index as is and we try to view it you can see that it's all messed up.
So all we need to do is at the top
we're going to say THP get Heller and then at the bottom of course we're going to do get for
if we go back.
Now everything's back to normal.
All right so now we want to do is take everything from index ph P including get header and footer and
then we're going to paste that into a single ph.
We save it and then if we go to a single post we get what we had before.
So let's change a couple things.
So one thing we want to change is we want the hold all the content to show.
So we're going to set the or back to the content.
All right.
And if we reload now we get all the content.
We also don't want the read more link.
So we're going to go ahead and get rid of that
a reload and now you can see that that's gone.
All right so now we just have our single post now the archive pages should should work if we click on
business.
It's going to show us all the business posts.
I click on Add and then it'll show all the posts created by admin and even the search should also works
of say larm and show these two articles show up.
Now all the things they just showed you search and the category and user archive pages we can actually
customize those we can make those different from the Main Post style.
So that's all we're going to do in the next video